Fix a lot of unlinked orphan pages (#35323)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/datatransfer/index.md

## Instance methods

- {{domxref("DataTransfer.addElement()")}} {{experimental_inline}} {{non-standard_inline}}

>   - : Sets the drag source to the given element. This element will be the element to which {{domxref("HTMLElement/drag_event", "drag")}} and {{domxref("HTMLElement/dragend_event", "dragend")}} events are fired, and not the default target (the node that was dragged). Firefox-specific.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : Sets the drag source for the given element. This will be the element on which {{domxref("HTMLElement/drag_event", "drag")}} and {{domxref("HTMLElement/dragend_event", "dragend")}} events are fired, and not the default target (the node that was dragged). Firefox-specific.
```
